[Music]
hey what's up y'all I'm kbd here and
today Samsung had their expected summer
unpacked event in July and they
announced two new phones and three new
wearable devices well it's more than
that if you count like the small and the
large sizes but a lot of stuff I got to
go Hands-On with all of it and so here
are my first impressions so I'm going to
start with the two new phones this was
the reveal of the newest foldables so
you got Z flip 6 and Z fold 6 and in
general these phones are very much still
minor iterations on top of the last year
shocker I was actually thinking about
that like this kind of feels like a
dismissive way of saying it like oh
Samsung settled they're not really
changing anything which is kind of true
but also on the other hand these are
still phones that are at the Forefront
of two of some of the most advanced
parts of the tech World which is
foldables and AI so there's that so yeah
the fold six the big one looks just like
the fold five you know square up the
sides a bit more change up the look of
the camera housing just a little bit and
give it slightly thinner bezels on the
inside and the outside and that makes
the cover screen just a tiny bit more
usable and now both of these screens get
up to 2600 nits now give it the
Snapdragon 8 gen 3 give it some new
colors and that's about it you got
yourself a new generation I mean there's
a couple other even smaller things like
you know a slightly better hinge there
is a new Ultra wide camera and the
square sides I think give it a little
bit more interior volume which allows
for a 60% larger Vapor chamber for
better cooling but aside from that like
same battery size same general form
factor same unders screen camera on the
inside just a lot of the same stuff I
think more of the focus for this phone
and for the others of course is this new
AI this galaxy AI thing that they're
pushing to the Forefront and so kind of
similarly to what Apple just did a
couple months ago is they're trying to
surface all the AI things that they've
been doing and some new stuff to the top
so you can see it all in one place so
regular people actually use it and they
also kind of brand it Galaxy AI sure so
now in the settings app right at the top
there's this new Galaxy AI section full
of all of the newest features some of
them genuinely useful I'll say others
maybe not so much like call assists okay
clearly that can be useful like there's
things like The Interpreter you can
speak back and forth with people in
different languages that's cool note
assist uh is going to help people
summarize things inside the notes app
transcript assist will summarize voice
notes all these things are are pretty
standard we've seen them before if you
use Samsung's browser instead of Chrome
for some reason you can hit that stars
AI button and get all the summarization
you'd want of any web page that has a
bunch of text on it we've seen that
before generative fill of some extra
information from a photo you've taken is
also not new but now it's new to
Samsung's Gallery app so if you want to
make a photo a wider angle than it
actually was when you took it or maybe
just straight in a horizon or something
and you to fill in some Corners it seems
to do a surprisingly good job at that
but then there's also drawing assist
which can take something you draw or
sketch in notes even if you're an
absolute piss poor artist like myself
and uh it generates art in any number of
different styles from it in Samsung
Notes this looks almost exactly like
what Apple's like image playground app
is doing the watercolor style a little
more tame but then there's also this 3D
cartoon style and if you give it some
time honestly pretty impressive I don't
know if this is good art but it's just a
lot you know there that's a lot to do
with my finger painting So anyway the Z
flip 6 is again along a lot of the same
lines as the Z fold 6 so again
Snapdragon 8 gen 3 squared up sides
slightly refreshed design and spec-wise
they've kind of matched a lot of things
with the bass s24 so it actually has the
camera from the Bas s24 the 50 megapix
main camera and the 12 megapix ultrawide
the battery gets bigger it goes from
3700 up to 4,000 mamp hour which is
promising and that inside screen does
also get to 2600 now as well and there's
a wide variety of like widgets for the
outside screen so ideally it just gets a
little bit more useful than before and
it also gets a vapor chamber for the
first time in a flip and a new base of
12 gigs of RAM and there's these new
colored metal rings around the cameras
so you can kind of visually tell oh this
is the new one like I'm convinced that
the only reason they did these rings but
yeah we'll have to see if these phones
and their folding screens age better
than the previous generation obviously a
slightly better hinge can help but as
far as I can tell they just look like
the same level of crease the same feel
of a hinge just overall very similar
Hardware package to the last year the
cherry on top though is these phones are
both a hundred bucks more than last year
so the Z flip 6 is going to be $10.99
instead of $1,000 and then the fold is
going to be $118.99 instead of
$1799 so it's the direction they're
trending but then there's also the
wearable stuff that they announced and I
think people will be just as interested
in maybe even more interested in the
wearables than the phone refresh stuff
so there's two new watches two new
earbuds and the ring so the Galaxy watch
7 gets a nice little refresh nothing too
dramatic it still looks super familiar
and it stays starting at 299 for the
40mm but then they've dropped in a big
one there is a Galaxy watch 7 Ultra in
the lineup now we saw the rumors I
talked about on the waveform podcast
this is something that we've been kind
of expecting for a bit and what they
finally come up with is titanium body
sapphire crystal display same size 1.5
in circular display as the 44mm but a
much beefier body around it to fit in a
590 mAh battery water resistant to 100 m
they gave it a new watch face dual
frequency GPS which is also coming to
the watch 7 and as you can see they gave
it this big orange button called the
action but sorry I mean uh the quick
button it's called the quick button
which is a custom mappable yes activity
button that can start any number of
different activities or workouts or
whatever you want it to do I mean look
it's clear that this is targeted at the
Apple watch Ultra I don't think they're
trying to hide that at all it's
literally the same name but this one is
also $650 instead of Apple's $800 so my
question is basically just how do they
Stack Up head-to-head battery wise it
may actually be better they're saying it
can do 100 hours in power saving mode
but also you know feature-wise accuracy
wise we'll see Samsung is also doing
this new thing where they basically
compile all of your health metrics from
everything they measure into one score
an energy score with AI
and I want to give that a shot as well
but yeah this is basically just an
obvious entry to give you an option at
that higher price point like Apple's
done with their Ultra watch so now it's
going to be out there now they also
announced the new Galaxy buds 3 and buds
3 Pro and they have obvious equivalents
and other ecosystems as well but there's
some new cases and new designs here
everyone's saying actually aesthetically
they look like the first generation
airpods which they're not wrong
especially at the top but then these
long stems on the buds Pro actually have
these blade lights to indicate different
modes or statuses which is pretty
interesting and then of course they beef
up the pros over the regular buds with
things like ambient mode and soft tips
and this new adaptive noise cancellation
that goes up or down based on the
surroundings like sirens so the buds 3
are 179 and the buds Pro are $249 but
last but not least they finally gave us
details on the ring that thing that they
teased I don't know how many months ago
it was when we first saw it
and the idea is pretty simple it's a
ring it's a 24/7 Fitness tracker
something that you can wear not just
while you're awake but when you sleep
and when you shower and going swimming
and all that stuff something you just
always have on you now I've actually
never tested a smart ring before believe
it or not I play a lot of sports with my
hands I've never worn a ring for a long
time but from what I understand the aura
ring is basically the standard that
everyone is kind of familiar with so I'm
assuming Samsung is going to at least
try to match what the AA r does so we
finally get to see this Samsung ring and
it looks basically exactly like any
other smart ring pretty minimal on the
outside actually a slightly concave
design to avoid scratching which I think
is pretty clever and then it comes in
three different finishes on a titanium
frame there's matte black or silver or
gold I'll give you one guess of what my
favorite is uh it's 7 mm wide and 2.6 mm
thick the sensors are all on the inside
as expected so heart rate skin
temperature accelerometer Etc and it's
also it's water resistant to 100 m as
well so this thing is claiming a roughly
7-Day battery life depending on your
size and once it's dead you can pop it
on this clever little charging case that
when you do it kind of lights up a ring
around the ring to show you your
charging status which is kind of cool
and it should give you about 1 and 1
half more times the total life of the
Ring until you charge it all up again
and then the price will be
$3.99 which is a 100 bucks more than the
base Ora ring price but the difference
here here is no subscription cost so the
or ring does have a subscription it's
like six bucks a month and that
eventually adds up but this will just be
$3.99 for the watch it gets all the
features all the Samsung Health stuff
but you also must use a Samsung Galaxy
phone and the Samsung Health app so yeah
I'm happy to see some competition that
isn't a subscription uh and that's kind
of it that's that is what Samsung
announced today it's two new phones it's
two new earbuds it's two new watches and
the ring and that's uh all hitting
shells relatively soon all pretty
premium priced as well wow that was an
alliteration that was total accident but
yeah all the stuff's coming out soon now
before you go what if I told you this
phone is worth a million
dollar and it's not actually but let me
explain what channel sponsor dbrand has
going on here so this is their latest
drop called case hardened so if you've
ever played Counter-Strike apparently
you'll already know about the in-game
economy for case harden skins in fact
just last month this AK-47 apparently
sold for over a million dollar like
actual dollars apparently this blue gem
skin is about a 1 in 21 million like
ultra rare now real Counter-Strike fans
are probably already typing comments
about how dbrands case hardened isn't
random and there aren't any actual blue
gems but here's the thing just like in
the game dbrand made thousands of case
hardened patterns and yes some of them
are random blue gems it won't be quite
one in 21 million but they look awesome
uh both designs have a sort of a
metallic Sheen the way the light plays
off them kind of makes it fun to stare
at the back of your phone instead of the
front maybe that's healthy but I'll
leave a link Down Below in the
description in case you want to check it
out and spice up your device cuz yeah
Samsung does not exactly go hard with
the colors usually yeah either way
that's been it let me know what you
think of these new devices and these new
wearables and which ones you want to see
reviews of first thanks for watching
catch you guys in the next one peace
oh